
No Evil Shall Touch Her

There was something to the air that air. Totu could tell it. Totu was a regular office going guy. That year, he spent most of his days in the office, like all the office going people. Totu liked it, although, he got bored out of his mind. He had given the thought a thought. He liked to think of himself as a person who would get bored easily. Totu, then, would get off his place in the office, his chair, and move around, uncertain of where to go. He would generally visit the loo, the tea machine and then wander off to the office terrace. He liked the idea of having a terrace, in the office building. There, he could unwind his mind from the boredom of sitting in one place and staring at the computer screen for hours. At times, he thought, the boredom would kill him.

On the terrace, there was a view to the sky, obviously. He would often look up, in the sky, from there, and, look at its vast blue stillness. He liked it. He could do that for some time. He felt different when he did that. He wondered what would happen if he lost access to such a basic thing.

He looked around. There were a few people around him. Most of them were having tea or a cigarette or both. Some of them were not alone. They were standing in the groups of two or three and were chatting. A lonely guy in the corner, standing, and, having tea, stared at him. Totu was not pissed off that day from work, he looked elsewhere, and, wondered, ‘What is up with these people? I can never tell’.

He moved on, with his line of thought. He moved on a little further on the roof. He walked to his regular spot on the roof. It was a corner on the roof, a corner on the street side of the office building. From that corner, he observed the traffic below on the street. The line of vehicles moved on both sides of the street. Although, it lacked the density of the post office hours traffic, it was something, the vehicles were moving back to back. He observed. Then, he looked around and decided to light a cigarette up. The mere thought of it, rather than the actual action of lighting a cigarette and smoking, was more appealing, exciting, addictive. He liked it. In a few seconds, a cigarette, a white roll of tobacco was in his mouth, and, as advertised, it was injurious to his health. He had read it, he knew it. He lit the roll up regardless, everyone does. ‘It is as if one doesn’t care about the status of one’s lungs. Is it so now’? Totu had new thoughts. ‘It may not be that the cigarette is injurious to health, it may be that, it is going to just eat up the lungs’.

Totu continued and smoked, he took a puff.

He, then, had a brief thought about his mother. 

-

Totu puffed.

His mind went back to the thoughts and the state of mind he had the day before. The day before, he was mighty pissed. He was not exactly in a state of doing anything, except, may be end half a dozen people. That much was his anger. On that day, his anger had centered around the thoughts related to his mother. It started with a small thing, in the house and had blown out, this time he had kept it inside his head. It started with a simple thing related to something that his mother should have done, a wrongly placed item in the house came in his way, at the wrong time, Totu was trying to concentrate on his work. It was hard to do anyway, and the obstacle in the form of something in the house did not help.

‘What is this’? He had thought. ‘May be my mother is of political nature. Is that why I have been having thoughts related to the politics for some time? I have observed some people outside. They seem to be different, in the way they behave. Do they have intercourse with me? With only the people like me’? Totu was full of thoughts. The thoughts continued. ‘May be it is because of my mother that I have spent last many years directionless. I have spent time outside, on the roads. Who does that? Has she also forced my father to think in the political way’?

-
